hello Pam dinner here welcome to my
YouTube channel my videos are all about
B2B marketing and more I focus on step
by step how-to processes and share
templates you can use real time
wondering how to create your annual
marketing strategies I've created a
three-part video series complete with
templates and Link them in the
description below having trouble
figuring out how to create your
messaging framework I've shared in Four
Past series as well no worries these
videos are short
meanwhile if you are an event planner
you can check out these two speaking
reels by the way I make my speaking
content fun and funny
all these videos I've share are in the
description below so you don't have to
search for it plus there are several
handy playlists I've compiled for you
B2B marketing and more I share my
know-how about marketing planning sales
enablement messaging framework and other
marketing topics podcast yes I do have a
podcast
I discuss a specific question or topic
with an expert or practitioner sometimes
I do solo episodes to share my personal
know-how based on what I implemented on
projects coffee break with Pam I answer
marketing questions in 15 minutes or
less
if you're a fan of my content Please
Subscribe that would be greatly
appreciated and don't be a stranger
reach out anytime if you have any
marketing challenges I'll do my best to
help
take care bye